Hi !!
We went out in the garden to make some videos on which
you have asked them very much.
How we go
Angora Rabbit.
perfect!!
Well, here we are, combing an angora rabbit! honestly, I do not know
which is why these videos
are the most sought after
on Youtube.
Maybe for
rabbit,
maintenance, I do not know.
It can fulfill many factors that make it the most video
looking, but finally, I'm not the biggest specialist
in brushing
rabbits, my job is veterinarian and normally
do not do this very often.
But to see that even me,
who hate to do this, here you have me combing a rabbit.
Well fine !
I personally go
rabbits to the animal care son, but now I'll brush him up to see
how simple it is. Good ?
The truth is that dreads sometimes occur,
maybe it's better to take them to a specialized salon
to get rid of them,
to wash them well and what to do.
Normally, if rabbits are brushed very often, there is no need to take a bath.
Here you see as
eliminates a lot of hair,
in addition, when they wash they can ingest and get them in the stomach.
that is why it is very important .. it is very good to drink all this dead hair.
These brushes are brilliant.
Brushing should be done repeatedly and in different directions,
to try to eliminate
as long as it seems dead.
Brushing will take about a quarter of an hour
if we want to do it well.
If we want to take a bath, we'll be about an hour
to leave a rabbit with such a big fur
in perfect condition.
Rabbits that are used to brushing
I could say they like them, because they relax and feel for them
that he cleans them.
As you can see
the animal
does not oppose too much, unlike other rabbits.
If dreads have been formed, you can remove them with this type of brush.
In this case,
it's pretty clean the fur, and if we find one more,
will come out
with this type of brush specially for tangled suits.
As you see I do, brushing
you have to be careful, but energetic, you have no fear !! many times
you say, ah, we hurt the poor, NO! when we really hurt him,
a rabbit who feels pain,
chick !! would not let us do that anymore, okay?
Anything
to say painful, the animal will try to avoid it
and it will emit a specific sound when it hurts something.
It's like a "wui" very sharp, like a screamer
with the help of which they send us like it hurts. So be without fear
because it's like brushing a person
and if there are not many bumps, no knots, brush vigorously
without any problem, because in addition, I say, they will like it.
The truth is we have to be a bit more attentive in the area
boys and girls, lots of care and eyes
in this area it bothers them a little bit more
but we just need to have a little more care, both.
It helps us a lot to get all the mess
who gets tired
in obrajiori.
Everything is a matter of time and patience to
to stand and pull out a lot of hair, seem, seem, seem, seem and again par ..
Remember
give them malt, because malt is very good in preventing
the formation of hair balls, which
also appear to cats.
After we finish, we'll take advantage of it and we'll take some of the nail cutting,
about which we have many videos,; I always remind you
to look for older videos, because we have a lot, I'll surprise you
because we already have about 100 different vids about many interesting things.
About rabbits, guinea pigs ...
And to become a little insistent, look for it
our channel of YOUTUBE
I will cut off nails that are slightly longer ...
The white rabbits see perfectly where we can cut them for
have white guards,
as we have explained to you in other videos ... we can cut it off
Let's leave them
one or two millimeters
from the edge where the red area ends, already there
because of nerves
and veins.
I'm staying here
combing this ball;
I hope you enjoyed the video, that it helped you and that
you have learned many things
about the hygiene of these animals.